Jehovah's Witnesses are known around the world for preaching the good news of the kingdom.
How is this work accomplished here in Indonesia?
It is certainly a challenging assignment.
This life-saving message needs to be brought to over 250 million people living on thousands
of different islands.
To support this tremendous work, the Indonesia branch office was relocated to the 31st floor
of the Central Park Building in Jakarta in April 2014.
A number of apartments at an adjacent apartment tower are being used to house the Bethel family,
which has approximately 100 members that support the work of the branch office.
Each morning they commute to this office, ready for their work assignments.
We call this place Bethel, which means House of God.
By means of this brief video presentation, we would like to warmly welcome you to our branch
office in Bethel home and provide you with an overview of what is being accomplished here.
Our day always starts with a morning worship program at 7.20 a.m.
What is being considered?
Every day an interesting Bible verse is being read, commented on, and explained so as to
make its practical value clear to the Bethel family.
After a closing prayer, all are ready to start working.
Did you like to know what the Bethel family is doing?
Let's have a look at a few of the activities being done here.
Our receptionist welcomes our many visitors in the main lobby and will make arrangements
for tours.
Also, all incoming calls are answered here, and some additional secretarial work is done
whenever time permits.
An ever-growing work at our branch is related to audio and video recordings.
In addition to Indonesian language material, in recent years we have started recording
in many indigenous languages as well.
What is being recorded?
A wide variety of publications and audio format, as well as convention dramas, videos, and
web materials.
The process is very involved.
Readers and voice participants are auditioned, selected, and coached.
Hours are spent doing the actual recording.
Next, the material is reviewed and edited to achieve the best possible quality.
When satisfied, the final product will be uploaded to JW.org for the benefit of you
and millions of other people all around the world.
Producing publications in many different languages, whether an electronic or printed format,
requires translation.
Some of this work is done at our branch office.
The translation process can be challenging, but it is a very important and rewarding work.
Teams of translators work hard every day to keep up with a steady flow of new material.
They are trained to translate the English text into Indonesian.
They are also provided with various research tools.
The English text is also made available to local language teams located at remote translation
offices or RTOs throughout the country.
It is then translated into Indonesian sign language and many other local languages.
This entire translation process can take weeks or even months to complete, and even then
the work is not yet done.
What's next?
The translated text is now ready for the composition process, where a print-ready file
is created.
Most of our publications are printed at the Japan branch office of Jehovah's Witnesses.
The completeness is also observed in the Bethel Residences and offices.
Each Bethel family member is responsible for cleaning their own room.
Housekeepers assist the family by cleaning each residence room once a month.
Besides the kitchen and laundry operations, the Bethel office is responsible for organizing
spiritual programs and for the overall management of all branch office properties.
Back at the office, more work is being accomplished.
Most of letters and reports from the field are received on a weekly basis.
Where is this correspondence handled?
Here in the service department, they are responsible to communicate with and direct the activities
in the field.
They also handle the organizing of various Bible schools, conventions, assemblies, and
approve the formation of new congregations and groups.
Interest shown in our Bible educational work is followed up carefully.
When someone requests a visit from Jehovah's Witnesses by filling out the form on the
jw.org website, brothers locate the nearest congregation and inform them in order to send
someone as soon as possible.
All this work would be much harder to accomplish without the use of technology.
Therefore, a vital part of our operation here is the computer department.
Existing systems need to be maintained and upgraded.
New equipment is bought and installed, not only at the branch office, but also at satellite
locations and remote translation offices.
As a result of the good news being preached, there is a growing need for more dignified
places of worship.
The building of such kingdom halls is organized by the local design construction department.
Along with new construction, the LDC is responsible for overseeing the renovation and maintenance
of existing kingdom halls, as well as maintenance training.
In addition to kingdom hall upkeep, this department is involved with searching for properties
to be used as RTOs or missionary homes.
Operating our branch office facilities requires a constant supply of various items.
The purchasing department cares for this responsibility by managing vendor accounts and receiving
shipments.
These goods are then processed and sent to the branch facilities where they are needed.
Some activities need to be handled administratively and legally.
Who is doing this?
The governing body appoints a branch committee who, in turn, receives the support of office
personnel to see to it that guidelines and instructions are being implemented appropriately
and in a timely manner.
This includes giving attention to those in need when natural disasters strike.
The legal department makes sure that all legal requirements are being fulfilled.
As you have just seen, much is being accomplished here at Bethel.
And amazingly, all of this is being accomplished by volunteers who have dedicated themselves
fully to support the Kingdom Preaching Work here in Indonesia.
We thank you for your visit and sincerely hope you will enjoy touring our branch office.